hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the movie train to
busan 2016.
spoiler ahead watch out and take care at
the beginning of the film
we see a car driver whose car is hit by
a deer
the deer appeared to have died but after
some strange moments
the deer arose her eyes appeared to be
abnormal
he was the manager of a very big firm
his name was
sokwu he got divorced a few times before
because of which he couldn't take care
of her daughter properly the next day
her daughter had a birthday
she asks her father to take her to her
mother who lived in busan
he agrees with her daughter both father
and daughter catch up on a train and
start traveling to busan
that train carried many other passengers
too in which a working class husband
sang hwa
her pregnant wife sung young and a high
school basketball team
as the train opens up and a girl comes
whose feet were injured by something
and the girl changes to a zombie in a
while after becoming a zombie she bites
a train attendant
the attendant also becomes a zombie and
the virus starts to spread rapidly
many people get that virus on the train
many people leave the train box from
where the virus originated and moved to
other
boxes and they were saved there as
zombie infection didn't reach there
the news broadcast on the train claimed
that the virus has spread to the whole
country
and maximum people have been victimized
by it when the train arrives at the
station every passenger runs towards the
city
but as they reach out they find that the
zombie infection was gone viral
because of which people run back to the
train as they rush towards the train
they prefer to sit in a separate box
the driver of the train thinks to move
to busan because he was told the virus
did not spread in busan
sokwu senghwa and yongguk meet other
passengers while finding their way on
the train
all six of these people attempt to
approach the train's first box
during this they had to surpass many
zombies
many people were already present in the
first box who were safe there
when they reach the first box selfish
code doesn't let them come in
he thought that these six people were
infected by the virus
he inflames the other people all the
passengers agree to him and don't let
them come in
sang-hwa and kim jin sacrifice their
life to zombies during the fight
so that they might get an opportunity to
open the door and go to the safe box
when they come inside he isolates all
four of them
so that if they have got the infection
others may be saved from it
a girl in the passengers was upset as
her sister and gill turned into a zombie
then she deliberately opens the door
where there were infected people
and after that destruction starts all
the zombies enter that box
and kill many of the remaining people
only those people survive who were
isolated in the chamber
and those were sokwu
other than them ko and the train
attendant saved themselves by hiding in
the washroom
then we see that the train path was
blocked as the rails were closed
as the train stops the remaining
passengers come out to find another
train
and they become far away from each other
in finding the train
the coup then again shows greediness he
drags the attendant towards zombies and
saves his life
the attendant dies and that selfish yan
suk survives
though he survived a zombie bit him he
was converted to a zombie
and he attacks the remaining people soku
fights with yan suk but he was beaten up
by him
now he realizes that he will become a
zombie he locks his daughter and sayon
safe in the engine room
and before going he says the last words
of his life to his daughter
now it was obvious that he would turn
into a zombie as he turns he jumps from
the train
sokwu gets very emotional while dying
and remembers her daughter's childhood
and he was carrying her in his hands now
the train reaches busan finally
and then two people sue and seong reach
there these two were those who survived
only
they proceed further and see soldiers
these soldiers were zombies who were
defending borders from zombies
they think of them as zombies they were
about to shoot them
they hear of soon sing and realize that
they were not zombie but real human
survives
suin was singing the same song she
wanted to sing for her father
however after his father's death she was
singing this song in memory of him
the movie comes to an end here thanks
for watching
like comment and subscribe don't forget
to hit the bell icon